[Music]
Our brand philosophy is Nirbhay Vaade where we are
committed to keeping and fulfilling our
promises made to the customers and just
extending that same philosophy is also about
making a promise to our sales to
serve the community that we are active in. We have
about three to four flagship
programs which actually have been running
for over a decade. The T program we have in place for over a
year and till date we have
distributed close to 3 and a half lakh
helmets to the underprivileged kids
from the NGOs to municipal schools because
we have emerged as the largest
private general insurance company in the country and since then we are deeply invested
and committed
to the cause of road safety awareness one of the many types
of behaviour on the road where kids
especially are very vulnerable because they  Are not
wearing helmets
[music]
We have been in over the years and you know there is still
date we have distributed close to 3
and a half lakh helmets to the
underprivileged kids from the NGOs to
municipal schools because we are the largest private general
insurance in the country and since then we are
invested heavily and committed to the cause of
road safety awareness one never
fails and realises that there are a lot of
behaviours on the road where kids especially are
very vulnerable because they are not wearing
helmets I should be very thankful to
labour ICICI for providing our children
and parents helmets now first
of all in our small town Ascot for the parents one they have to
drop the children they rush like anything
and then they come they don't have the awareness
that I should wear helmet even two it is a
short  Distance created. First and
foremost, we have created
documents and fragments
that will give a very good impact on the parents as well as the children.
Definitely, I
hope the children will motivate their parents that one you are
dropping and taking us anyway. Please kindly wear
helmets and provide us also.
The helmet which has been given to
ICSR has at least 50 crore people. Out of which only
half wear
helmets. I am very happy. I did not have a helmet
and the helmet was also of low quality, so it would
fall while wearing. This is a high quality
ISO mark and I got it. I am
very happy. We were also unable to
get it from other places, but
we are very happy with what we have received from you. Thank you to our entire
CSR efforts.
We have impacted over one and half million
lives and this is just our way of
giving back to society and playing a small
yet pital role towards our road.  Safety with
Right to Safety Program
[Music] What we do is
we organize eye checkup camps
with the kids and you might be surprised but studies have shown that
almost 10 to 15 percent of kids have
undiagnosed eye problems and vision
defects which you don't know for the longest
time don't get corrected and then get worse
over time so it also gives an opportunity to
participate directly in this
and have healthy kids' eyes. Since
2013 till now solar light has been installed in 130 schools out of which
this has happened in four districts -
Raigarh, Palghar and Jawahar Mukti Marg.
So in this we have seen one thing that
because of solar power, in many schools
financially I mean
I am in class so there is a lot of study
pressure, it is difficult to study without
electricity solar panels and I am being able to study very easily.
Our parents are
tribal and
Parents from other economically backward classes come to our school.
Children come to our school.
[Music]
We actually install water
purification, SDG goals, and sanitation. As well as it is about giving
kids again who are
very vulnerable, you know. An opportunity to have
safe drinking water at the school. I never carry
a water bottle outside my car. I
drink the same water with my students. And this,
of course, gives an additional
confidence to the parents. As well as to the
students.
Last session, we were contacted by the person
from Synergy under the project Niranjali. They have also
supported our school in
getting clean water for students. They have
donated to systems and some water bottles may be more than
100. I think so many students have been
quite upbeat. And of course, absenteeism
is less in case of a school. Take extra
care for their health. I have taken care of this
clean water.  Water Increase Performance from
Primary to Senior Secondary Project
We would like to thank Ranjali for
their clean water initiative which has
played a very important role in improving the performance of students, parents and the school. The
first of the lot in this interactive video was this
one video that I really liked and it showed the
importance of water in a very conscious manner. Aro
in my house that we drink water
from and I am very habitual of that
water so when I was enrolled in this
school I did not really like the taste of the
water I could see and they have provided two
water coolers to our school which is a
great help for all of the students of
our school. I would like to thank ICICI
Bank for this amazing initiative Ranjali and
through Niranjali program again we have
benefited over 100,000 lives from it.  Also gives
an opportunity for employees to
participate directly in the CSR
efforts as you know mix and have a healthy
bond you know with the kids and see for them sells
the kind of purpose building that the
brand is doing and to have that immense
level of satisfaction
capacit'e
[Music]